the quinoa
Quinoa contains nine amino acids
essential so it is considered that
Its protein content is high
quality quinoa contains twice as much
lysine that wheat and rice the
Allicin is an essential amino acid that
helps the development of cells
brain and to memory this cereal
Peru is also characterized by its
high fiber content vitamins
complex abcey minerals like the
calcium iron zinc and magnesium
the quinoa reaches our plant where
the best grains are chosen
the pearl quinoa incasur is characterized
for being free of saponin substance
bitter that covers the grain after a
strict selection process quinoa
Incasur goes through the production line
of our modern machinery that the
makes it suitable for consumption through
our exclusive pearling process the
Quinoa goes through a friction system
eliminating impurities and obtaining a
completely clean grain of fast
cooking and nice flavor that keeps
you complete its nutritional benefits
then all the processes are carried out
necessary for the preparation of
our various products and the
packaging of the explosive pearly quinoa
products that have received the highest
qualifications and certifications
international
kasab quality certification that
ensures the safety of food
good manufacturing practices
certification of organic products
granted by international entities
certificate and control certificate
of quality and brand for products
food in Switzerland is like that of the
high Andean valleys comes the grain of
millenary tradition put on the tables
of Peru and the world with the best
High quality selection and guarantee of
encasur the pearl quinoa incasur goes
conquering new spaces in the
food and national gastronomy and
international in addition to presentations
delicious and easy to consume
adults and children in their activities
daily
We are one of the few companies that
can offer healthy products
nutritious and natural with 100% ingredients
Peruvians
Incasur high nutrition for the people of
today